vmalert: add `-rule.evalDelay` flag and `eval_delay` as group attribute (#5185)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: app/vmalert/README.md

# `eval_offset` can't be bigger than `interval`.
[ eval_offset: <duration> ]

# Optional

> # Adjust the `time` parameter of group evaluation requests to match intentional query delay from datasource.

Reviewer: I think we should do better explaining this. Remember, user should receive enough of understanding from this decription to decide whether to change this param.

Author: Updated, plz check.

# This will override global `-rule.evalDelay` flag if both be using.
# See https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5155.

> [ eval_delay: <duration> ]

Reviewer: Should we have a default value here? For example, 30s default delay will compensate default latency offset

Author: Good idea, set to 30s now.

> Please note, data delay is inevitable in distributed systems. And it is better to account for it instead of ignoring.

By default, recently written samples to VictoriaMetrics aren't visible for queries for up to 30s
(see `-search.latencyOffset` command-line flag at vmselect, and it can be overridden by adding `latency_offset` to group's params). Such delay is needed to eliminate risk of incomplete
data on the moment of querying, since metrics collectors won't be able to deliver the data in time.

> If you see delayed evaluation results caused by this intentional query delay from datasource, you can set `-rule.evalDelay` equal with `-search.latencyOffset` to fix the gap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you observe a delay in timestamps for produced evaluation results caused by this intentional query delay from datasource, try setting `-rule.evalDelay` equal to `-search.latencyOffset` (a cmd-line flag configured for VictoriaMetrics single-node or vmselect) to compensate the delay.
```
